Zwinnerman loadtesting doc updates (#4765)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Deploying/Load-testing.md

## Results

### 2,500 hosts

With the following infrastructure, 1,000 hosts successfully communicate with Fleet. The Fleet server is able to run live queries against all hosts.

|Fleet instances| CPU Units       |RAM             |
|-------|-------------------------|----------------|
| 1 Fargate task | 512 CPU Units  | 4GB of memory |

|&#8203;| Version                 |Instance type |
|-------|-------------------------|--------------|
| Redis | 5.0.6                   | cache.t4g.medium |
| MySQL | 5.7.mysql_aurora.2.10.0 | db.t4g.small |

### 150,000 hosts

With the infrastructure listed below, 150,000 hosts successfully communicate with Fleet. The Fleet server is able to run live queries against all hosts.

|Fleet instance | CPU Units       |RAM             |
|-------|-------------------------|----------------|
| 20 Fargate tasks | 1024 CPU units  | 4GB of memory |

|&#8203;| Version                 |Instance type   |
|-------|-------------------------|----------------|
| Redis | 5.0.6                   | cache.m6g.large |

> | MySQL | 5.7.mysql_aurora.2.10.0 | db.m6g.medium (with RR) |

Reviewer: Was the read replica the same size? I think we should indicate that. If it's too much to fit in the table, maybe use `*` and then explain below?

```suggestion
| MySQL | 5.7.mysql_aurora.2.10.0 | db.m6g.medium + Read Replica |
```

Author: Yes, the read replica should be the same size since especially on aurura, the read replica can become the writer at any time.

Author: I have updated the docs to note that the read replicas are the same size.

## Results

### 2,500 hosts

> With the following infrastructure, 1,000 hosts successfully communicate with Fleet. The Fleet server is able to run live queries against all hosts.

Reviewer 2: Looks like this should be updated to reflect the new section title of 2500?
```suggestion
With the following infrastructure, 2,500 hosts successfully communicate with Fleet. The Fleet server is able to run live queries against all hosts.
```

|Fleet instances| CPU Units       |RAM             |
|-------|-------------------------|----------------|
| 1 Fargate task | 512 CPU Units  | 4GB of memory |

|&#8203;| Version                 |Instance type |
|-------|-------------------------|--------------|
| Redis | 5.0.6                   | cache.t4g.medium |
| MySQL | 5.7.mysql_aurora.2.10.0 | db.t4g.small |

### 150,000 hosts

With the infrastructure listed below, 150,000 hosts successfully communicate with Fleet. The Fleet server is able to run live queries against all hosts.

|Fleet instance | CPU Units       |RAM             |
|-------|-------------------------|----------------|

> | 20 Fargate tasks | 1024 CPU units  | 4GB of memory |

Author: Their boundedness was found by pinning a task size that worked, and then adjusting the number of tasks until it failed. So in this case there are a range of task sizes that work, from many small tasks to a few big tasks but their total memory/cpu when totaled should be about equal (with some variation of course).

> | 20 Fargate tasks | 1024 CPU units  | 4GB of memory |

Author: I can also tell its probably memory boundedness since I change the number of tasks and cpu usage still has plenty free while memory gets somewhat constrained, and because of how memory sampling works even if 50% is "available", the tasks might be running out of memory in reality.

|&#8203;| Version                 |Instance type   |
|-------|-------------------------|----------------|
| Redis | 5.0.6                   | cache.m6g.large |

> | MySQL | 5.7.mysql_aurora.2.10.0 | db.r6g.8xlarge (with RR) |

Reviewer 3: This is a steep change, we did add a bunch of features, but we also added a ton of perf improvements. Would love to understand more what pushed for this instance (plus a RR).

Author: Distributed read was a huge user along with host last seen at. I have no idea how it ran at 150K under this architecture before given my findings.

Reviewer 3: I wonder if we added something to make this the case... everything has pointed at needing less to run the same, not more. This warrants further investigation, because it feels like a big regression that we missed.

Reviewer 3: Ok, we can call it that, but certainly we didn't need a RR at that point.

Author: Ah, so the system that removes old hosts didn't run which caused additional load. Rerunning a loadtest at 150K with only those hosts on it only required a 4xlarge.
